Xmlconversion: Use composite actions in pipeline (#122)
Energinet-DataHub/geh-core: documents/development.md

      - source/<new-folder-name>
```

> * Add the test folder of the repository to the ignore list in `codecov.yml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add the folder of any `*.Tests` project to the ignore list in `codecov.yml`.
```
